In the compressed WINZIP folder you will find the MICS6 datasets for Zimbabwe. Nine SPSS data files were produced, 
 corresponding to the units of analysis: 
1. Households - hh.sav 
2. Household members - hl.sav
3. Mosquito nets in households - tn.sav
4. Women in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – wm.sav
5. Birth history of ever-married Women in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – bh.sav
6. Maternal mortality - mm.sav
5. Men in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – mn.sav
6. Mothers or primary caretakers of children under the age of five – ch.sav
7. Mothers or primary caretakers of children 5-17 – fs.sav

The characteristics of the data such as sample size, weights, variable labels and information on recoded or imputed variables 
 can be found within the survey archive which will be made available shortly on http://mics.unicef.org/surveys. 
 The survey archive will also contain the questionnaires and information on the sampling and implementation of the survey.

Access Conditions:
Survey datasets are distributed at no cost for legitimate research, with the condition that we receive a description of the objectives 
 of any research project that will be using the data prior to authorizing their distribution.
Copies of all reports and publications based on the requested data must be sent to the following:

1) 
Name		: Taizivei Mungate 
Affiliation	: ZIMSTAT  
Address		: 28th Floor Kaguvi Building
			  Corner S.V. Muzenda and Central
              Harare, Zimbabwe
email		: tmungate@zimstat.co.zw

2)
Name		: Handrick Chigiji 
Affiliation	: ZIMSTAT  
Address		: 28th Floor Kaguvi Building
			  Corner S.V. Muzenda and Central
              Harare, Zimbabwe
email		: hchigiji@zimstat.co.zw / handrixchigs@gmail.com 

3)
Name		: Tawanda Chinembiri  
Affiliation	: Chief of Social Policy and Research  
Address		: UNICEF Zimbabwe | 6 Fairbridge Avenue, 
              Belgravia, P.O. Box 1250,  
			  Harare,Zimbabwee
email		: tchinembiri@unicef.org


4)
Name		: Rumbidza Evelyn Tizora  
Affiliation	: Social Policy and Research Section  
Address		: UNICEF Zimbabwe | 6 Fairbridge Avenue, 
              Belgravia, P.O. Box 1250,  
			  Harare,Zimbabwee
email		: rtzora@unicef.org


20192312 - MICS-HQ


